README.md, before:

# Development Enviroment Setup

Repo to store all scripts to setup development environment

## Current apps to install

### Mac Only

- xcode commandline tools (cli tool)
- xcode (App Store)

### Windows Only

### Linux Only

- docker && docker-compose (cli tool)

### Shell

- zsh
- fish

### CLI Tools

- git
- wget
- curl
- tmux
- terraform
- aws
- deno
- node.js
- yarn
- jq

## Languages

- go
- .netcore
- elixir
- nodejs
- python
- rust
- php?
- ruby

### Editors and IDEs

- neovim
- visual studio code
- visual studio
- sublime
- atom
- brackets
- eclipse
- intellij

### Development GUI Tools
- docker desktop
- github desktop

### Mobile Development
- andriod studio
- xcode (Mac Only)

### Browsers

- brave browser
- opera / opera gx
- vivaldi
- tor browser
- chrome
- edge
- firefox
- polypane

### Virtualisation

- virtual box
- vagrant
- paralles (Mac Only)

### Chat Applications

- slack
- discord
- telegram-desktop
- line
- wechat
- kakaoTalk
- WhatsApp

### Game Development Tools

- unity
- godot
- unreal engine

### Grapical Editors

- gimp
- inkscape
- krita
- blender
- starUML

### Video Editors

- obs
- davinci resolve
- handbrake
- vlc 

### Music Apps

- spotify
- aimp (Windows only)

### Database Management Tools

- dbeaver
- mongodb compass

### VPN Tools

- surfshark
- openVPN

### REST Client Tools

- insomnia
- postman

### Download Managers

- jdownloader

### Note Taking Tools

- notion
- typora
- obsidian

### Gaming Client

- steam
- epic games
- gog galaxy
- origin
- battle net
- sony remote play

### Operating System Extentions

- copyq
- rectangle (Mac Only)
- iterm2

Commit message:

updated readme and started on arch instll

README.md, after:

# Development Enviroment Setup

Repo to store all scripts to setup development environments I use, as this is open source, feel free to use if any of the scripts help

Currently the client systems I use are:

- Windows 10/11
- Mac Os
- Fedora
- Debian
- Arch

Considering adding Server scripts for

- Rocky OS (Centos Successor)


## Current apps to install

### Mac Only

- xcode commandline tools (cli tool)
- xcode (App Store)

### Windows Only

- chocolatey

### Linux Only

- sudo (arch)
- docker && docker-compose (cli tool)

### Shell

- zsh
- fish

### CLI Tools

- git
- wget
- curl
- tmux
- terraform
- aws
- deno
- node.js
- yarn
- jq

## Languages

- go
- .netcore
- elixir
- nodejs
- python
- rust
- php?
- ruby

### Editors and IDEs

- neovim
- visual studio code
- visual studio
- sublime
- atom
- brackets
- eclipse
- intellij

### Development GUI Tools
- docker desktop
- github desktop

### Mobile Development
- andriod studio
- xcode (Mac Only)

### Browsers

- brave browser
- opera / opera gx
- vivaldi
- tor browser
- chrome
- edge
- firefox
- polypane

### Virtualisation

- virtual box
- vagrant
- paralles (Mac Only)

### Chat Applications

- slack
- discord
- telegram-desktop
- line
- wechat
- kakaoTalk
- WhatsApp

### Game Development Tools

- unity
- godot
- unreal engine

### Grapical Editors

- gimp
- inkscape
- krita
- blender
- starUML

### Video Editors

- obs
- davinci resolve
- handbrake
- vlc 

### Music Apps

- spotify
- aimp (Windows only)

### Database Management Tools

- dbeaver
- mongodb compass

### VPN Tools

- surfshark
- openVPN

### REST Client Tools

- insomnia
- postman

### Download Managers

- jdownloader

### Note Taking Tools

- notion
- typora
- obsidian

### Gaming Client

- steam
- epic games
- gog galaxy
- origin
- battle net
- sony remote play

### Operating System Extentions

- copyq
- rectangle (Mac Only)
- iterm2
